.\" Manpage for adb.
.TH ADB 1

.SH NAME
adb \- Android Debug Bridge

.SH SYNOPSIS
adb [GLOBAL_OPTIONS] command [COMMAND_OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
adb is a client to adb server (which must be running on the same machine).

.SH GLOBAL_OPTIONS
.IP -a
Listen on all network interfaces, not just localhost
.IP -d
Use USB device (error if multiple devices connected)
.IP -e
Use TCP/IP device (error if multiple TCP/IP devices available)
.IP -s \fISERIAL\fR
Use device with given serial (overrides $ANDROID_SERIAL)
.IP -t \fIID\fR
Use device with given transport id
.IP -H
Name of adb server host [default=localhost]
.IP -P
Port of adb server [default=5037]
.IP -L \fISOCKET\fR
Listen on given socket for adb server [default=tcp:localhost:5037]

.SH COMMANDS

.SH shell [-e ESCAPE] [-n] [-Tt] [-x] \fISHELL_COMMAND\fR
.IP -e ESCAPE
Choose escape character, or "none"; default '~'.

.SH install [-lrtsdg] [--instant] PACKAGE
.SH install-multiple [-lrtsdpg] [--instant] PACKAGE...
.SH install-multi-package [-lrtsdpg] [--instant] PACKAGE...
[install] push a single package to the device and install it.

[install-multiple] push multiple APKs to the device for a single package and install them.

[install-multiple-package] push one or more packages to the device and install them atomically.

.IP -r
Replace existing application
.IP -t
Allow test (debuggable) application.
.IP -d
Allow version code downgrade (debuggable app only).
.IP -p
Allow partial app install (with inheritance) (install-multiple only).
.IP -g
TODO
.IP --abi ABI
Override platform's default abi.

.SH EXAMPLES
Here comes examples on how to start adb server in debug mode etc.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
